can you say listen see if you grew up
watching TV in the 2000s chances are you
were flipping through the channels and
you saw a little Hispanic cartoon girl
demanding you to repeat words it was
pretty much Nick Junior's combination of
little bears narrative with a little
salt and pepper seasoning from Blue's
Clues to I'd that interactive factor and
now when the year of our Lord 2019 we
have a live-action Dora movie along with
a lot of other live-action stuff which
at first I thought was better than the
idea they had for a live-action Dora TV
show I was worried it wouldn't be as
funny as the CollegeHumor sketch that
inspired it but look it was no way it
could be as goofy as the Kim Possible
movie right bra it was even goofier and
I loved it I know they come explica so
the movie was released 20 years ago
after Dora's pilot premiered in 99 with
her full season coming out in the early
2000s meaning Isabella is literally
Dora's age this show ran for 14 years
and had a hundred and seventy two
episodes she's had spin-off series
holiday specials my girl Dora explored
things internationally she's become such
a pop culture phenomenon that she's been
parodied to death and at one point they
even Rugrats turn and it that follow-up
series they do but she's older now and
considering people were mad at that
cartoon cos Dora no longer looked like a
linebacker but like this I can't even
imagine what these people did to their
keyboards after this casting I'm excited
for the cute kids not excited for the
weird men I think the reason she's
always been a hit besides being super
marketable is the attitude dora has when
it comes to exploring you know she
really did make you think you can grab a
backpack in a piece of paper and explore
the world which was really just your
backyard and if we're judging
adaptations I'm not gonna like the 2019
version gets the essence of Dora they
got Isabel ammonia from Soldado
every other mark Whalberg movie recently
and I think she's the perfect choice she
looks sounds hell was a voice and one of
the Dora series growing up and she took
this role very seriously so the point
that the entire cast and crew also made
the trek to actually film in the
rainforest in Australia we had a train
to hold our breath underwater for at
least two minutes
that was scary considering we were
actually doing it ourselves I was like
okay Aquaman that movie took place
underwater and they mean go underwater
at one point now I'm not gonna lie then
we don't start off super goofy with this
overly CGI adventure only to realize
that it is all in Dora's mind which I
actually kind of like like we've just
accepted her talking to us in the show
but when you really think about it a
little girl being raised in the Amazon
with only her parents would end up
talking to a backpack thinking is her
friend she's practically tarz in and
that's why I was dying in the movie when
young Dora randomly yells at the screen
[Music]
she'll grow out of it she grows up
vlogs with a GoPro so she isn't
completely crazy but she's still jumping
off cliffs thinking she's Laura Croft
okay Peggy and Longoria play her
Explorer parents who want to send her
off to America so she can have some
social life and real friends and instead
of a CGI monkey
she has an instant family with her
cousin Diego who's actually Mark
Wahlberg's nephew supposedly he didn't
get this row because of his connections
which is a really weird thing to say in
interviews to point out that I also
can't imagine the audition tape getting
accepted so I'm just taking a wild guess
on who gave Marky Mark that special
things in the credits okay your current
movie star crush this girl
Isabella Montoya Diego this man wants to
do do do-do-do Dora
anyways Dora ends up being the one
getting explored in this movie and she
gets kidnapped by the bad guys who hold
her as ransom they're searching for this
uncharted lost city of gold known as
parapapa and they know Dora's parents
are the only Nathan Drake's who know
where it is
this turns the movie into El Dorado
meets Jumanji but instead of the rock
it's you heading your that it is yelling
like Kevin Hart about quicksand for it's
a dodo chimichangas and while there are
points where the best to me isn't the
funniest but he had one bit after the
quicksand scene the heavy laughing so
hard it was as funny as that fleabag
shower scene I keep talking about
Vinicio Toto who worked with Isabella in
Soldado is still playing the baddest guy
here as he voices Swiper which I thought
was funny and it was at this point that
I realized I was not intoxicated enough
to be watching this movie but then the
characters literally start tripping
balls for me they enter this patch of
jellyfish looking tree flowers that gets
them so high they turn into the cartoon
that almost pushed this movie from or
rent it to a junior price for me if that
bit wasn't cut too short like they
brought back the talking map they had
Dora exploring like a pro they even had
Danny Trejo boys blue bra I look I
thought they had switched the projector
to match it and any parent that hasn't
seen
is not watching what their kids watch I
said shadows might deal for being a
real-life hero obviously this is a quick
90-minute Dora episode that's just on
the big screen where you know Dora's
gonna save the day and do what's best
for pata pata I'm actually really
excited to rewatch all the goofy jokes
when it's out in 4k I know that there's
gonna be a bunch of deleted scenes or
one-off stay I've planned without a
doubt this is going to be getting a
sequel as I travel back to a time when I
was excited to keep exploring with dork
that's a should he does is for a minute
y'all really kept the deleted scene in
the final cut thank you guys for
watching this video I'm curious to know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section like I liked it obviously I
would have preferred to see an extended
cartoon trip scene instead of that Pena
tripping scene but this movie reminds me
a lot of natural leave it like it's not
a fantastic movie but it's funny like
this is the best possible option for
Dora a movie that didn't take itself too
seriously I think it gets the essence of
the transformation or the adaptation
from the cartoon to live-action of not
making her like it's still the same
character like she's still that girl who
just wants to explore she's innocent and
in the setting that they put it in I
thought was hilarious it was kind of
like Black Knight when he ends up going
back in time or there's that other movie
this one right here where they travel
into the future it's like a fish out of
water type thing I like those type of
stories I also like the fact they hired
cultural consultants and they even
filmed in the rain forest so it doesn't
come off like a set like it does in
other movies and I actually built a huge
slip-and-slide for this movie like I
almost don't know if I'm more excited
for the sequel or if I want to find a
way to get on set other than that let me
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section if you liked it if you
didn't don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and Swiper will stop swipe